doc: update getting started section (#729)
boostercloud/booster: docs/README.md

  
> With `-e production` we are specifying which environment we want to deploy. We'll talk about them later.

> And here it comes the Booster magic! ✨ Just running the deploy command, Booster handles the creations of the resources, *like Lambda, API Gateway,* and the glue between them; *permissions, events, triggers, etc.* It even creates a fully functional GraphQL API!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And here it comes the Booster magic! ✨ When running the deploy command, Booster will handle the creation of all the resources, *like Lambdas, API Gateway,* and the "glue" between them; *permissions, events, triggers, etc.* It even creates a fully functional GraphQL API!
```
